Started on explainer stuff for multi-bid (#1048)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE.md

  'perBuyerCurrencies': {'https://example.co.uk': 'GBP',
                         'https://example.fr': 'EUR',
                         '*': 'USD'},
  'perBuyerMultiBidLimits': {'https://example.com': 10, '*': 5},
  'sellerCurrency:' : 'CAD',
  'deprecatedRenderURLReplacements':{{'${SELLER}':'exampleSSP'},

>                                     {'%%SELLER_ALT%%':'exampleSSP'}},

Author: Is it full of optional stuff, so done.

*   allowComponentAuction: If this buyer is taking part of a component auction, this value must be present and true, or the bid is ignored. This value is ignored (and may be absent) if the buyer is part of a top-level auction.
* modelingSignals: A 0-4095 integer (12-bits) passed to `reportWin()`, with noising, as described in the [noising and bucketing scheme](#521-noised-and-bucketed-signals). Invalid values, such as negative, infinite, and NaN values, will be ignored and not passed. Only the lowest 12 bits will be passed.

In case returning multiple bids is supported by the implementation in use,
`generateBid` may also return up to `browserSignals.multiBidLimit` valid bid
objects of the format above in an array.

If none of the returned bids pass the k-anonymity checks, `generateBid` will be
re-run with the input `interestGroup` filtered to contain only k-anonymous ads

> and component ads. Such re-runs are limited to returning only a single bid,

Reviewer: I think we need to specify that it will be rerun with a multi-bid limit of one.  The explainer really has the how-to-use-this-API-in-a-semi-readable-format, and I think the fact that even when the SSP and DSP agree to always use a multi-bid-limit of X, that the bidder script still needs to support a bid limit of 1 is entirely non-obvious here.

Reviewer 2: >... that the bidder script still needs to support a bid limit of 1 is entirely non-obvious here.

Multi-bid is not introducing a "this-is-the-kanon-second-pass" signal, right? So how would the bidder know to cap the bids in that pass?

Reviewer 2: Got it. I missed that on the second pass `browserSignals.multiBidLimit==1`.

`generateBid()` has access to the `setPrioritySignalsOverride(key, value)` method. This adds an entry to the current interest group's `prioritySignalsOverrides` dictionary with the specified `key` and `value`, overwriting the previous value, if there was already an entry with `key`. If `value` is null, the entry with the specified key is deleted, if it exists.

> `generateBid()` has access to the `setBid(bids)` method. That takes the

Reviewer 2: I vaguely recall some issue with Chrome permitting a single call to `setBid()`? Please note any limitatuion/caveat.

*   allowComponentAuction: If this buyer is taking part of a component auction, this value must be present and true, or the bid is ignored. This value is ignored (and may be absent) if the buyer is part of a top-level auction.
* modelingSignals: A 0-4095 integer (12-bits) passed to `reportWin()`, with noising, as described in the [noising and bucketing scheme](#521-noised-and-bucketed-signals). Invalid values, such as negative, infinite, and NaN values, will be ignored and not passed. Only the lowest 12 bits will be passed.

> 

Author: Done, though I combined the two.

The output of `generateBid()` can use the on-device ad composition flow through an optional adComponents field, listing additional URLs made available to the fenced frame the container URL is loaded in. The component URLs may be retrieved by calling `navigator.adAuctionComponents(numComponents)`, where numComponents will be capped to the maximum permitted value. To prevent bidder worklets from using this as a sidechannel to leak additional data to the fenced frame, exactly numComponents obfuscated URLs will be returned by this method, regardless of how many adComponent URLs were actually in the bid, even if the bid contained no adComponents, and the Interest Group itself had no adComponents either.

##### 3.4.1 Flexible Component Ad Selection Considering k-anonymity

> Since an ad containing multiple pieces requires every piece to be k-anonymous to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Since a bid containing multiple components requires every component to be k-anonymous to
```

Author: Done

display, it may be difficult to make such bids successfully. To make this easier,

> `generateBid` can permit the browser to select a subset of returned component ads

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`generateBid()` can permit the browser to select a subset of returned component ads
```

Author: Done.

that pass the k-anonymity threshold.

Note that feature detection for this in Chrome is the same as for multiple bid

> support --- presence of browserSignals.multiBidLimit; but if supported it can be

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
support --- presence of `browserSignals.multiBidLimit`; but if supported it can be
```

Author: Done.

used on single-bid returns as well; multiple-bid returns are affected per-bid.

To use this functionality, set the `targetNumAdComponents` field of a
returned bid to the desired number of component ads, and order them by
decreasing desirability. The browser will scan the component ad list and use the
first `targetNumAdComponents` that meet the k-anonymity requirements for the bid
in the auction, if possible. A bid with the first `targetNumAdComponents` from
those provided will also be considered for k-anonymity updates. It's an error to
provide less component ads than a set `targetNumAdComponents`.

When `targetNumAdComponents` is in use, the `adComponents` list in the bid

> can exceed the normal global limit (of 20 or 40), but `targetNumAdComponents`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
can exceed the normal global limit (of 20 or 40 exposed via `browserSignals.adComponentsLimit`), but `targetNumAdComponents`
```

Author: Done (with additional comma)

The output of `generateBid()` can use the on-device ad composition flow through an optional adComponents field, listing additional URLs made available to the fenced frame the container URL is loaded in. The component URLs may be retrieved by calling `navigator.adAuctionComponents(numComponents)`, where numComponents will be capped to the maximum permitted value. To prevent bidder worklets from using this as a side channel to leak additional data to the fenced frame, exactly numComponents obfuscated URLs will be returned by this method, regardless of how many adComponent URLs were actually in the bid, even if the bid contained no adComponents, and the Interest Group itself had no adComponents either.

##### 3.4.1 Flexible Component Ad Selection Considering k-anonymity

Since a bid containing multiple components requires every component to be k-anonymous to
display, it may be difficult to make such bids successfully. To make this easier,
`generateBid()` can permit the browser to select a subset of returned component ads
that pass the k-anonymity threshold.

> Note that feature detection for this in Chrome is the same as for multiple bid

Reviewer 4: Is this feature detection mechanism proprietary? Or is it well-specified?

If it's the latter, please remove the "in Chrome" reference from the explainer.

Author: The way we have been spec'ing it as always returning constants:
https://wicg.github.io/turtledove/#feature-detection
The hope is that a full implementation will support all of it.

Perhaps if/when someone else implements it they'll find it helpful to not support it in need of incremental development as well, however.

Author: Rather https://wicg.github.io/turtledove/#feature-detection:~:text=Set%20browserSignals%5B%22multiBidLimit%22%5D%20to%20multiBidLimit. for this one
